RESUME


DINESH PANEER SELVAM – FULL STACK (E2E) BEE

Mobile:9360456134

Email: gladma.dps@gmail.com



CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To obtain a challenging position that allows me to utilize my technical skills and knowledge to support in advancing a business that offers a stable, significant growth for the management and myself. I am too eager to grasp and adapt to technological advancements up to date. I yield to stand unique with my way of working and efficient outcomes to make a difference and add values to the organization.


PROFILE:

●	Having around 9+ years of experience in PYTHON, Django, Flask, REACTJS, Angular, PHP, LAMP, WAMP, MySQL, Linux, Unix platforms, 
●	jQuery, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, REST , SOAP APIs, bitbucket, Git, Postgresql, 
●	Codeigniter framework, Putty, WinSCP, S3, SES Email, Email Servers, SMS Servers, Push and IOS notifications. 
●	Authentication & security layers such as oAuth2, Crypto algorithms AES etc and Third Party api integrations
●	Software development, integration, deployment with support and maintenance.
●	Git , bitbucket, ci-cd pipeline, bash scripts, docker.
●	2 years in AngularJS, Payment Gateways, SMS Gateways.
●	Efficient way of working in VS Code, VS Studio, Notepad, and DreamWeaver IDEs.

●	Highly motivated and proactive person with excellent communication skills. Ability to work independently as well as in a team.

●	Involved in interaction with end users along with Business Analysts and team members for better understanding about business requirements, clients’ outlines in depth.
●	Very good knowledge in Linux environment. At present having hands on 1.04 ubuntu.
●	Good exposure in any MVC based projects
●	Over-all a Full Stack Bee.



Work Experience:
Aptsindia pvt ltd, Perungudi, chennai, Jan 2013 to Nov 2013
Concertcare India pvt ltd, OMR-kottivakkam, Chennai, Nov 2013 to Dev 2015
Fyndus India pvt ltd, OMR-kottivakkam, Chennai, Jan 2016- Feb 2019
Senior software engineer in Caresoft global pvt ltd, Chennai, Feb 2019-To-june-2019
Innova solutions, Chennai, July 2019 to Dec 2020 (Contract to Standard Chartered GBS)
Standard Chartered GBS – 2020 to till Date



SKILLS:

●	Core PHP
●	Python, Lua , flask, Django

●	PHP, CodeIgniter (MVC)

●	Postgresql, MySQL, SQL,– Back End (Database)

●	HTML, CSS

●	Payment gateways (Stripe, Paypal, Paytm, CCavenue, citruspay, 2checkout, payUmoney, MIGS, IPG, Tech Process, JustPay, SnipCart, GooglePay etc)

●	SMS gateway (SMS gateway Hub, Text Local, Twilio, Plivo, Nexmo, Sms India Hub, Radical Support, KAP systems, etc )

●	Java script, Ajax, jQuery

●	Angular JS

●	Node js 

●	Restful API & SOAP API web services

●	Mailchimp, EventBrite, Mixpanel, Google APIs,

●	Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, G+, etc

●	Push notification GCM and IOS Push

●	AWS S3, SES EMAIL etc,

●	International Phone number validations,

●	Mobile WEB services
●	Programming in lua (Beginner) 
PROJECT DETAILS:

Standard Chartered - GBS:
	Swoosh – Friday Features
	LogX
	X-Pronto
	BCABFL
	Stock Statements
	BD Complaints Email Solution
	IBOR Chat
	Minex – Step Processing System
	SkyNet – SMR
	CDD
	ITT repair
	

Project 1: FyndRx 

fyndRx is a marketplace to enable a platform for pharmacists to orders stocks of medicines using NDC or drug’s name with required amount of Qty they need. Enabling spot purchases, Paylater options, optioning them with bidding and acceptance of the same and process at the end of the day. Making use of EDI resource concept.

Duration: 3 months
Role: Analyst, Front & Back End Developer
Team Size: 2
Technologies:Angular JS, Node JS, REST API, HTML, EDI APIs.


Project 2: Momentum Management Portal

https://www.momentummanagement.com.au/

The clients were maintaining contacts, practices of their customers only in manual records and using spreadsheets with defined calculations. They found it very difficult and uneasy to get them all maintained and having relationship with students and staff in and around the country. This project is the solution to help them with an efficient system where it will bridge the management with the staff and their students in a hierarchical way, similar to a hospital caring services. Moreover training, and materials are all now made online with feasible and user friendly user interface.
	
Duration: 1.5 Years
Role: Analyst, Front & Back End Developer
Team Size: 2
Technologies:PHP, Mysql, CodeIgniter, Joomla, HTML, CSS, Jquery, Ajax, Mixpanel, Mailchimp, Google Drive APIs, File Management, Google Calendar, REST API.




Project 3: Fyndus

Website: https://www.fyndus.com
Android App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fyndus.fyndus&hl=en
IOS App: https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/fyndus/id1100571006?mt=8&hl=en

Online Shopping, food delivery, Take Away.
Fyndus Application is a hyper-local deals discovery platform connecting customers and merchants across services like restaurants, spa, salons, local deals etc. It helps customers discover fantastic offers at their favourite outlets and also become a sales channel for off-line merchants.We are a market place for our merchants to sell their products via our e-Commerce solutions. All merchants and their outlets, shops are complying with our agreement in order to sell and for settlements etc.Users are provided with facilities such as "BUY NOW" (Online payments) and provided with an order number to avail the service. Integration of payment and sms gateways country based.

Duration: 1.5 Years
Role: Analyst, Front & Back End Developer
Team Size: 2
Technologies: PHP, Mysql, CodeIgniter MVC, HTML, CSS, Jquery, Ajax, Angular JS, Payment Gateways, SMS Gateways, Mailchimp, Mixpanel, Oauth 2, Twitter, google, facebook, instagram APIS, AWS s3 and SES emai, international libphonenumber validation.


Project 4: AlternaVisit (Synct.md)
Connecting doctors, patients online. Online appointments, opinions, Video chat, Staff of doctors to care of patient’s appointments, visits etc.
Duration: 6 months
Role: Analyst, Front & Back End Developer
Team Size: 2
Technologies: PHP, Mysql, CodeIgniter MVC, HTML, CSS, Jquery, Ajax, Payment gateway


Project 5: ACME Shipping

https://www.acmecarshipping.com/

Acme Car Shipping is built for auto transportation that brokers in chain serve the relocation industry and their clients to ship and locate the customers company, industry, house, things and materials etc. Most of the customers are the top moving companies in the U.S. and their clients (people and families that are in the process of relocating and need to move cars, trucks, motorcycles, boats, ATV’s, and other motorized vehicles.) People can go online and quote a request. The admin or manager or representatives will manage all quotes accordingly and customers can track their quotes as in process.	
Duration: 6 months
Role: Analyst, Front & Back End Developer
Team Size: 3
Technologies:Core PHP MVC based, Mysql, HTML, CSS, Jquery, Ajax, Javascript, Paypal Payment.



Project 6: ACE floor mats

https://www.acefloormats.com/
Acefloormats offer a wide range of matting products for all your flooring requirements with the highest quality and lowest prices. Whether customers need matting for your home, a beautiful logo mat to enhance the appearance of your business, or a mat for commercial purposes, and make sure customers will have a product that is functional and has the right price for all sizes and design possibilities. Customers browse Acefloormats and make calls to speak with representatives who will be happy to assist.

It is known for serving different brands and kinds of mats products across the world with numerous products and satisfaction. And mad user friendly interface where in people can crawl through its products and quote which will be processed and delivered in any available desire that they have quoted for. An efficient backend built in and customized for admin and assistant to login and manage imagery and logs accordingl



Duration:3 months
Role: Analyst, Front & Back End Developer
Team Size: 3
Technologies:Magento, PHP, HTML, CSS, Jquery, Ajax, Javascript, Paypal Payment.

ACADEMY DETAILS::

Bachelor of Computer Applications - (2008 – 2011)

Percentage of Marks		:	65%
University		:	Madras University, Chennai.
Higher Secondary (HSC) (2006 – 2008)	
Percentage of Marks		:	69%
University		:	State Board.
Name of the Institution		:	Govt. Hr. Sec School, Tiruvallur
.			
Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) (2005 – 2006)
Percentage of Marks		:	75%
University		:	State Board.
Name of the Institution		:	St’ Don Bosco Higher Secondary School. Vellore.
PACKAGE DETAILS:			
Current CTC	:	13.35 LPA
Expected CTC	:	20 LPA
Notice period	:	90 days	


DECLARATION:

I hereby declare that all the information furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

Date and Place:
 

Signature:
 

